[APPSEC-60710] AAP for Kubernetes Operator documentation (#33954)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/setup/kubernetes/envoy-gateway.md

### Quick setup

1. **Deploy the external processor** using the deployment manifest shown in [Step 1](#step-1-deploy-the-datadog-external-processor-service) below.
2. **Enable automatic configuration** using Helm or the Datadog Operator.

>    **Note:** The processor service name must match the name of the Service you deployed in Step 1.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Deploy the external processor** using the deployment manifest shown in [Step 1](#step-1-deploy-the-datadog-external-processor-service) below.
2. **Enable automatic configuration** using Helm or the Datadog Operator.
```
